rearrange user-guide (#130)
iter8-tools/docs: docs/tutorials/mirror.md

---
template: main.html
---

# Mirrored release

This tutorial shows how Iter8 can be used to release a new version of an application using mirroring.

> When an application is mirrored, all requests are sent to the primary version of the application. A percentage of requests are also directed to a candidate version of the model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an application is mirrored, all requests are sent to the primary version of the application. A percentage of requests are also replicated for a candidate version of the model. 
```

I think "directed" might be a confusing word here

# Mirrored release

This tutorial shows how Iter8 can be used to release a new version of an application using mirroring.
When an application is mirrored, all requests are sent to the primary version of the application. 

> A percentage of requests are replicated and sent to the candidate version of the model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A percentage of requests is replicated and sent to the candidate version of the model. 
```
